["Pretty Beautiful"]
Turn your station to misery!
From the ridiculously beautiful Sydney Opera House
in New South Wales, Sydney, Australia, Harmontown
is now in session.
["Pretty Beautiful"]
Please welcome to the stage Spencer Crittenden.
It's working now and I'm happy. How's everybody doing?
["Pretty Beautiful"]
Yeah.
Let's welcome to the stage the mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon!
["Pretty Beautiful"]
Thank you, Sydney.
So kind. You're so kind.
You know, Sydney is the kindest city in Australia.
Did you know that?
Is that right?
It's the capital of the kindest state.
We're in South Wales.
New South Wales?
Yeah, yeah.
New South Wales.
This ain't your grandma's South Wales.
No. Fuck South Wales.
That shit's in England somewhere.
It might be in Wales.
["Pretty Beautiful"]
He looked at a map while I was in the hat store.
Is your mic loud enough?
I had them turn mine up.
I don't know.
Mine has been...
My volume's going...
I don't know.
What about mine?
That's great.
A little louder for Dan's, alright?
Yeah.
It's got a little bit more Dan.
Check one.
Sydney.
Check two.
You know what they call them?
They call them Sydney Siders.
Did you know that?
That's what they call people from Sydney.
Sydney Siders?
Sydney Siders.
Oh, like on the side of Sydney.
Cause I...
What?
Now, let's talk about your...
Let's talk about your new...
your new lip there, man.
I like it a lot.
Is that a proper Acubra or whatever they call it?
It was an authentic Acubra.
I got it in the store next to the hotel.
There were rabbits drying on the rack and there were six of them that went into this one,
so I know it's authentic.
Did they have boomerangs there?
Yeah, but they were mounted.
Oh.
So it's like...
You couldn't hurt people with them.
Yeah, they're like...
Yeah, it's easily...
Like to put on your desk.
Right.
Like the buck stops here, but then it...
Then it goes away and then it comes back again.
Yeah, so we're here at the Sydney Opera House, the historic Sydney Opera House.
I, you know, I do not feel bad about this.
I'm very happy to be here, but I will say I was narcissistic and naive enough to believe
when they said come to a show at the Sydney Opera House.
I thought...
I didn't know they had other rooms.
Yeah.
It makes perfect sense now, and I love you guys.
You're amazing.
I'm not going to punish you, but I did fly out here with a different image in my head.
One that makes no sense.
No sense.
The fact that not only could we fill the Sydney Opera House, but two nights.
Yeah, I know.
They're like, you saw that?
They want to do a second show at the Sydney.
Really?
Oh, bring it on.
I guess it's just cultural efficacy.
They must be bored down there.
I don't know.
Yeah, I'm not being aloof.
I'm just looking at my notes.
Are those authentic crocodile teeth in the brim of that hat?
I don't know.
They're teeth.
I mean, I don't know, man.
It's a $65 hat.
That's all I know.
$65 Australian dollars.
Are they dollars or are they called boomos?
Dollary.
I think they're called dollary dudes.
Yeah.
Yeah, so you were about to say a guy at the Melbourne show.
Yeah, because we kicked off in Brisbane a couple nights ago, and shit went wild.
That crowd was raucous, to say the least.
They were just fighting with each other.
They were just booing each other.
They were having focus groups in the back?
Yeah.
People were just saying, like, oh, that was a good joke.
What did you think of that joke?
It was okay.
I don't know.
Let's listen to the next joke.
I'd rather discuss this joke.
You're from Ipswich?
Fuck you!
But they were awesome.
I was more entertained by them than I think they were of us.
But then last night in Melbourne, it was a theater, like a proper nice old theater.
So it was less like a rock concert than the Brisbane show.
But everybody had a thousand beers.
And there were two hecklers.
One guy just kept going, bang orang from the back.
Which isn't even an Australian thing.
It's a Spielberg thing.
Bang orang.
That's not Australian.
So, and then there was a guy up front.
We were talking to a blind woman in the back, and he was heckling her.
She wasn't blind, right?
She was going blind in ten years.
But still, he took a pretty hard line on her.
Yeah.
He turned out to be right.
Yeah, he's like, yeah, shut up to the blind lady.
She wasn't blind, but yeah.
But then, so there was a guy.
We ran into somebody after the show at a bar.
And he said, because the guy in the bang orang guy up in the balcony.
We were sitting behind him.
And he had his shoe off at one point.
He was like waving his shoe.
And then they had washed him, drank eleven beers.
And then he just looked at his shoe.
And then filled his shoe with vomit.
So now he's sitting there with a vomit filled shoe.
And then he realized that he has to go clean his shoes.
So he just pours the vomit out?
No, no, he went outside.
He poured it on the sidewalk outside.
And then he proceeded to get in a fight.
And then we left and got food.
And then we came back and I saw the very vomit he poured out.
I didn't realize at the time that this was shoe man's vomit.
But I pieced it together afterwards.
Oh, was it on the sidewalk?
Yeah.
I saw that too, yeah.
And we were like, that's weirdly fresh vomit.
Yeah.
That's why.
Yeah, yeah.
With little pieces of koala meat in there.
Right, yeah.
Little chlamydia koala meat.
That was a Sydney Siders vomit.
No, it was a Melbourneian.
I think he was from Ipswich.
But yeah, no, both great cities, both in their own different way.
Melbourne was like the hipster city.
And Brisbane was like Gremlins 2.
Oh, we got, I think, I think Brisbane is Sydney's Ipswich.
This is starting to make sense.
I'm from the Midwestern United States.
Everybody always has to have a community.
Like when you're from Milwaukee, you have to pick on Kutahoe.
It's just like a town of 200 people where they, where they, where all the tanning factories are.
So it smells like poop when you drive past it.
People in Milwaukee love picking on Kutahoe because it's like shit rolls downhill.
So, but, but Sydney is the multicultural capital of, you know, I mean, even the world, let alone Australia, this is the first place.
This is the first European settlement.
This is where they first opened the prison colony for business.
They were like, this is the place.
Let's send them.
And then in the 19th century, they said, okay, you're not prisoners anymore.
Now you can try to build a society.
And the Aborigines were like, what about us for 30,000 years?
And then the beds are burning video.
And then everything's fine.
Everything's fine now.
Oh, well, yeah, don't die.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
You're my knight in shining armor, you old poop.
I always thought that guy sounded a lot like Catherine Hepburn.
How can we sleep when our golden pond is burning?
You old poop.
You had him with Gremlins too.
You lost him with our golden pond.
No, but not all the Hepburn fans here.
Maybe that's why you like this, that song so much.
Like, like they were like, this sounds really original.
I'm like, that's, that's, that's, that's bringing up baby.
Yeah, no, but it's beautiful here.
It's beautiful Melbourne, beautiful here.
We're actually going to be here for a little while.
We're extending our vacation and then I'm off to Fiji.
But when we first, when we landed in the airplane,
we got into the, we went from the airplane to the, to the, to the baggage claim.
We got into the shuttle and the first thing Spencer said,
having taken in that much of Australia was, hot Canada.
In a good way, just to be clear, in a good way.
And I think there might have been a little pejorative.
Like, I think it was just at that point, it was like, okay, it's hot.
Also, yeah, I mean, we've flown over and landed in much drier areas,
but that area specifically was very green, very hilly,
very much like Canada in the summer.
It was great.
Also the architecture to me is very reminiscent of Canada
and that it's just very, like, interesting and, and I don't know,
you know, all the buildings look the same.
But this is only the second country you've ever visited outside of the state.
So if you went to Thailand, you'd just go Asia, Canada.
It's like, no, if I go to Thailand, I'm like, it's like hot Australia.
It's just, then I'll go to China, I'll be like, it's like big Thailand.
It's like cold, Russia is like cold China.
That's all, it's just the last place I've been to.
There are 250 languages spoken here, which I'm sure is the case for any city
above a certain, you know, level of population.
There's like 5 million people living here.
250 languages.
Come on, some of those are fake.
Are there even 200?
That's like, there's some, there's some fucking, like, Star Wars.
Like, India's got like 49 of them, don't they?
Yeah.
I guess that's true.
Yeah, you get into these old, these much old, ancient countries
and they have like 25,000 languages.
Yeah, you're right, you're right.
People are weird.
I just, I get into town, I open up the first paragraph of Wikipedia
and I buy a hat and I'm just, I'm gold.
You guys are very supportive.
You should be booing by now for sure.
God knows in Brisbane, a bowling ball would have been a shot at me.
I used to, I told them in Melbourne, I'll tell you again,
if you ever see me announce a game of audience sound effects,
I'm in Brisbane.
Like, I was like, it was not, again, it's not their fault.
Like, it was my fault, like the energy I put into the room
and they were just wonderful people.
It, but I was just, yeah.
Well, you obsessed about their language for a long time.
I did, I was doing the whole accent thing.
Oh, la-di-da, Dan's gonna do the fucking accent humor.
To me, it wasn't like punching down.
I was like, I was trying to learn because your accent is very, very difficult
from a dialectic standpoint.
It's hard to imitate.
But I came up with the phrase that I, I've been, I've,
Let's chart your progress and see if you're getting better.
The phrase that I've landed on and it's again,
I know this isn't how you talk.
This is, this is the sentence that I say.
My note, my note going into this is Dan, it's a little too tense.
Yeah, because I'm thinking too hard about each word,
but if I don't think about each word, I'll just sound like a chimney sweep.
You know, if an American tries to do Australian,
it's just like, he's gonna go right into Dick Van Dyke and Mary Poppins.
But there's nuance to it.
It's a playful, wonderful dialect.
It's, and it's, so I've been trying to learn it
because I want to be able to do it.
So I arrived at this phrase.
Oh, okay.
I like that hat, mate.
Don't encourage me.
I, I think they're just applauding the payoff.
They're not, they're not saying,
Oh my God, Joe, I think he's going.
No, no one in Australia is ever that upset about it, anything.
At least of all the guy who likes that hat, mate.
But it's just me trying to, I'm like each word,
I'm like, oh, I like that hat, mate.
So angry.
He's not angry though.
You're passing a stone.
Well, remember the guy in the Energizer commercials?
Oi, Jackie, what was his name?
Jacko.
I'm dating myself.
All right.
Moving on.
We're all human beings.
Is that one of your notes?
Yeah.
No.
This is a daily reminder.
All right.
So, well, I want to ask you a question.
Okay.
So, those hotel safes, do those even work?
Like, like, like, I mean, they're fun for us.
Like we like the idea that we're locking something in those safes.
But if you're the kind of person that finds themselves in a hotel room
that doesn't belong to you, which rules out most of us,
like there's no cat burglars in this room.
Or like, like, or, or inside job hotel,
like two larsonists, you know, like,
those people know how to crack one of those fucking safes.
Yeah, because if you forget your code,
somebody there knows how to get into that safe.
Yeah.
And also there's a YouTube videos of the guy,
of a guy cracking those safes.
And there's also a YouTube video of a,
of a spider dragging a mouse up the side of a refrigerator.
But we're not going to talk about that.
I'm going to pretend we're in a safe place,
even though I'm covered, I'm riddled with bites already.
got me. It was a huntsman. I know a huntsman was on me. There's people that come up like
behind you at the supermarket and like when you type in your like if you're paying with
a credit card or a debit card or if you type in your code, there's people that have a heat
sensing like app on their phone or a little add-on to their to their camera phone and
it reads the numbers because you can still see the heat signature from the ones that
you push. Oh jeez. I thought you were gonna, I thought you were talking about spider detectors
or something. I thought you were saying there's just people in Australia. This is how bad
the spider problem is. They have an app for that. Like you can see spider tracks across
your dashboard. Yeah. But we were, we were, I think we were in Brisbane and I was head
long into my spider anxieties and someone said there hasn't been a spider related death
in Australia in 30 years and I was like, you know, a normal continent wouldn't have to
say that. No one says that in North America. No one says that. And we shoot each other
every day. I was reading the, there hasn't been a mass shooting in the United States
in three weeks. I was reading the mass meeting more than eight. Look, I mean, yeah, exactly.
That's what I'm saying. You start, when the arithmetic comes in, you're hiding something.
I'm saying like there's been gerrymandering or something going on as you guys redefine
spider related death. That's all I'm saying. I'm not accusing you of anything. I just
know I see these videos. There's a lot of spiders down here and it's the ones you can't
see that kill you. You have ones the size of apes that, that can just put you to sleep
for an afternoon. And they'll go in your kitchen and make mango hummos, whatever they, they'll
make a flat white, the spider will go in and make a delicious flat white, which I love.
Because I cappuccino fucking, the only reason I never ordered cappuccinos because all that
goddamn foam, you guys are geniuses. Thank you. Flat white. I'm going to say, I'm going
to, it's catching on back in the States, the flat white. I never heard of it until this
year. Me too. But then Cody said, by the way, also it's catching on back in the States.
I can't wait to get back home and, and, and, and, and, and have a flat white and taste
all of it because part of my brain won't be vigilant against spider attack.
What do they do? It's just, it's just a coffee and they put milk on top of it.
It's just, it's like a cappuccino, but I don't know. They put foam reductor in it
or something. They put, they put snake venom or something in it that makes the foam go
down. So it's not like a big pile of foam, like a cappuccino is so good, but then it's
like it's this big, it's like a baby taking a bath. You know, there's like a big, a big
cone of foam on it. Like, who are you trying to impress? This isn't liquid. What am I supposed
to do with it? It gets all over your face. It's like a novelty drink, a cappuccino.
They figured it out. They took the nonsense out. Oi.
It's a, it's a flit. It's a flit. Oi. A flit. Oi.
According to my dialect chart, that's an I is an A is a, the O is an I.
Okay. All right. So, all right. So not, you know, I don't think you're going to find probably
anywhere you go. Every time we go outside the United States, be it to Canada or here.
Sometimes the food is wonderful, sometimes the food is bad, doesn't really matter, varies
city to city, but everywhere outside the United States by virtue of or by want of the kind
of like particular I think capitalist fascistic frenzy that we have there where it's like
you are never more than a corned beef hash order served properly away from prison time
like you like America takes its capitalism very seriously so it's food service industry
again it's hit and miss in terms of the quality of the food but you better believe the people
making the food and bringing it to your table they have a little hustle in their bustle
that you don't find when you leave the states.
In Canada you can go into restaurant and die of hunger because they're just not coming.
There's just no urgency at all.
And there's a you know I've had some really really good food here but yeah by and large
it's kind of like yeah thanks for coming into this place where we're making food sometimes
and you kind of sometimes you're kind of waiting like I went to this place but well whatever
I don't want to look like this is not me complaining it is me complaining.
Well it's not the place it's just the restaurant right.
Well the place that we ate just before we came here was fucking an Australia's fault.
Has anybody been to the rock and pool rock pool rock pool bar and grill house.
It was it was like if the little rascals tried to build an eyes wide shut and all they had
was the materials they just had all the black on it the Formica and the crystal but none
of the acumen like I it's this weird multi-tiered labyrinthine Lego village where it's really
strange and all of the wait staff they did they not they it's it's nobody who who expects
a wait person the whole experience to me was like being pulled over like by a cop my head
space was exactly that stressed and angry part of it felt like we were the cops like
we caught them having a restaurant and they were like right mixed like they are they were
like yeah they found us out they're coming for our drugs we got to make this look right
yeah restaurant because we were trying to find out how to get into it because they have
a thing here Jeff we have you know handicap access you know you put a ramp or something
you know in America we like begrudgingly like put a ramp fine give me my subsidy here they're
much more progressive but it's like it's a little confusing like we walk up to the restaurant
it just it says disabled access only and we just paused in our tracks like and we're
looking at a restaurant the people are cleaning glasses they're just looking at us and it's
just only and we're like we just fro and we're like own only yeah like so we you can't so
you can't take that would be like using a handicap stall to go in the door that's right
in front of us yeah I don't think and the person just watching us playing in the glass
and then we finally just like start walking away where they're looking at and we're waiting
for him to go like no no no that's just a that's a that's a kind of a formality like
the only part but I think it's serious but it was like that was the only way to get into
this place then we went on the right down that entrance had a had a sign for the place but
the proper entrance had not didn't really have the signage so like we saw what was the
actual entrance and we figured out as the entrance because it was 20 stairs that was
the only clue that this was the same building we were trying to enter I mean I'm gonna just
show the video I took of the like that I'm not sure what to do with this up see you did
some photojournalism here so you gotta set this up videography they on the on the drinks
menu they had a set of rules that I posted on Instagram and we were going back and forth
on whether or not the rules were like a joke or serious but either way it's fucked because
if they were serious they're bullying me and if they're and if they're joking they're
bullying me except then you have to divine that they're not actually bullying me they're
just bullying me what what were some of the rules don't look at anyone fiercely yeah don't
look don't join a conversation that's that's your bread and butter though man no that's
all I do speaking of what speaking of your physical appearance did your hair get more
awesome today like what it's really thank you thank you no your hair is like it's like
it's down cascade it's down baby it's usually up yeah yeah like it's glorious you're not
going to go straight up melt Melbourne top not on me are you oh no top not a lot of top
not here people a lot of top not no there's top not everywhere I think Australia's leading
the lead I don't know man fucking LA is top not city and I hate it I just want to drive
over all those people we have any top notch in the house no top nuts oh and then the
lady the lady was it was giving me water they were giving me okay so like at this point
I was really agitated like I was like I said it was like being pulled over like my heart
was racing and my skin was vibrating and she kept refilling my water and she came around
one more time to refill my water I was like no no I'm good and she didn't say anything
and she just poured me the water and as she was walking away she was like just in case
and I was like I'm I'm out and I walked out because she refilled my water just deal breaker
yeah well again she I told her not to and she did she was bullying you have you you created
you want to create a some sort of social contract with these people and they're going to violate
the simple simple things yeah I was doing it right I wasn't looking at anyone fiercely
I wasn't joining a single conversation okay so I went I went to go to the bathroom in
this place and then I when I came back from the bathroom I then because I was like I can't
believe what I just walked through so I came back and then I took my that's why I shot
in portrait mode I'm not an amateur but I I so I recreated the bathroom walk but I don't
know if this will translate or not but this is what you go through to get to the bathroom
in this place so you walk around there's this whole big restaurant but you go you got to
go around this corner and then there's this really narrow staircase it's already like
weird like you're going to an attic and it's there's a landing and then you turn and then
there's another narrow staircase and at this point you're thinking okay the bathroom's
coming right no this is where the wedding area is there's a wedding going on so it's
starting to look like like it's like the shining like you're just going to see a guy blowing
a lion or that that might just be a bathroom purgatory people never found yeah yeah they
just they just fell in love and got married so then I did yeah okay so then you go passes
what is this this is a kitchen what am I in the there's a stove here but there's two guys
doing their taxes on it these aren't chefs wait but they're like bodyguards or something
like odd job and like like like Dwayne the Rock Johnson are doing their taxes on a on
an oven in the middle of a carpeted vestibule next to a wedding up two flights of narrow
stairs and still no bathroom but they're like in a hotel corridor here right it's carpeted
uh yeah and so okay so then you keep going and I'm getting scared so MF like I think
there's bathroom male female I don't know if that's an Australian thing I'm like okay
so you keep following the MF but what is this area okay services but it's blocked with a
it's blocked with a couch there's something trying to get out of there like like like
what is that and is that oh I that's a doorknob now I'm overreacting I thought that was like
a crucifix okay but then I just run it what are the other doors electrical cupboard and
the old wip hose reel they're still working on that one yeah all right so then you go
down this narrow hallway of these these door I don't know if you can tell how narrow these
doors are like they like a radio this is your second time doing so you know where you're
going well I knew I knew to point the camera at some stuff but I'm also terrified I'm gonna
get caught like because there's like guys in dinner jackets keep walking by and looking
at me but I don't know if you could see like these doors like they're really narrow and
they have these really high doorknobs and they don't they don't they have like this weird
purple glow coming out like it's like the minority report virtual sex dungeon like there's
a guy behind each door like like engaged in a different fantasy is this guy just came
out of like one weird bathroom and that I don't know that was the handicap one that Chris
Hardwick yes and then it says toilet and then you get your M and your F and I finally you
know finally yeah thank you sir not that I see the world through that lens but oh no
please well will that translate to our audio podcast listeners no but these people paid
good money for can you show can you can you upload a link to that on your Yelp review
of this place yeah like you better kind of just kind of have to pee when you start that
process yeah man yeah and but the food was great it was Cody said her prawn was good
but then halfway through the meal she said she started she she could she was seeing a
cloud that wouldn't go away I don't think that's this restaurant's fault I think it
was before we were when we were ordering she started to see this thing I'm really concerned
about her she's back at the hotel she what am I gonna do without my being yeah thanks
guys I didn't cancel the show or anything I told Steve to check in on her halfway but
I got her permission to tell this story we we got we got I mean like we got to the hotel
and then I guess I guess there was some maybe screw up or something I don't know I don't
think I don't know what I'm not gonna throw shade on the hotel as the kids would say I
don't know what they did wrong or didn't do wrong I just sat in the lobby and played
cookie collector until someone handed me the hotel key we went up to the room the room
was was small but whatever it's a hotel but then I guess you know our very intrepid very
like she's she's the she's the civilized crocodile Dundee to our what's her name from
crocodile Dundee she's our Australian guide she's our she's our she's our point person
Alice Alice has been taking very good care of us she's our she's our wrangler and every
time there's a problem you get to say go ask Alice like for some reason when she was just
small but she I guess she she did some some wrangling at that desk and maybe between that
and the niceness of the Australian people in general they upgraded our rooms so we got
the guy came to our door gave us keys me and Cody we went up to a different room it was
a fucking penthouse it was it was crazy there was a board room in our room there's a there's
a room and then there's like two bathrooms and there's a bedroom and then there's like
a hallway it's there there's a door mark WIP hose reel there's a hose reel that's a portal
straight to Rockpool restaurant let's not gloss over this conference room this board
room it had a conference table with how many chairs more than eight I think it was 10 person
like a literal conference room it was made for board board meetings yeah and the first
thing we thought when we looked at it as we got it we got a fuck on this like we got it
we got it we got to do some kind of sexual role play like we don't we don't because usually
when we do that we I want that report on my giant desk we usually have to we have to when
we when we do our little role-playing scenarios that's what Cody and I are into again I got
her permission if she's dying tonight and she don't feel bad for her that she did give
me permission to tell to talk about our sex life before real quick like when they travel
like we'll be somewhere on the road and we'll be getting into the hotel like we'll be out
having lunch or whatever go back to the hotel and they'll be beans on the bar you can go
up there and you know I'll be up in five minutes like I like what are you taking a lobby shit
like you know so she can have things like it's like no she has to get in costume you
know like well sometimes that's it but you guys you guys go shopping like you go in little
costume shopping we go to Amazon you know it's like we order stuff on Amazon yeah when
I go to pitch meetings at Amazon because they make TV I'm just like I'm always like walking
out of there going like well did they say no to that TV idea because it's a bad TV idea
or because they know I'm a fucking weird sex being who who always orders way too much toilet
paper and like like like like just pantyhose and bulk anyways the but we did we yeah so
we I was like let's do a little role play with the using the boardroom environment because
we're not gonna have this ever again but it got really confusing because I tried I thought
I could improvise my way through this week where I was like I was a human resources guy
but I was I bet you were I was investigating her because someone had filed a complaint
that she was dressed too provocatively at work and then but and then she's like well
this is how I dress all the time what's wrong with this and I was like well a lot of times
what happens is guys at the office or if they get aroused they'll like they'll like try to
try to get revenge like by filing a complaint and I'm sorry it's their word against yours
unless and it was getting really cuz she's trying to like yes she's like where are you
going with this like I say what did and she's like is this about that she just made this
is about what did she say Jason Ortega Jason or take no this is nothing to do with Jason
Ortega no he he well yeah I mean all I can tell you is that multiple people have filed
complaints about your provocative clothing and that and I was just like so I didn't know
how she was yes and in you but you absolutely know her her yeah well I was like Jason Ortega
may or may not be a part of this okay I was trying to figure out I was like how did you
think that you could jump into this pool and find your way to any edge that had to do with
having sex before we have to go to dinner and so the way I got through it was as like look
there's exceptions we can make if I can prove that my dick fits in your pussy if I can prove
that it's just you as an individual that is arousing and not your outfits I then I can take
your side I'm hard as a fucking diamond right like the whole time we're having sex I'm like
justifying I'm like yeah see this isn't your fault you were you were born this way I mean
yeah the outfit's great but it's your it's the way it's on you and and wow you're great
at this and and so I think I think you I think I'm gonna file a favorable report with human
resources all over you maybe the last encounter she ever has with me is a badly improvised
sexual play don't you don't reveal anything you don't want to reveal obviously but I don't
get specific but like I I know that you guys do these fairly elaborate like backstory like
role-playing things so you are doing like improv yeah you're doing a little scene yeah
yeah and like how good are you guys staying in character like I really good yeah that's
the problem with like the Jason Ortega or something that will throw somebody you know
we don't want to we don't want to break like we don't we don't tend to you know you could
have done you should have said that yeah it was about Jason Ortega then you make up what
he said okay Jeff and you're reenacted you should be making love to my girlfriend it's
easy what if right at that moment she goes this is about Jason Ortega and you're like
no no it could it be it might not it could be anybody and then knock knock knock and
I'm there and I have a Jason name tag on your dress is a mariachi okay all right well it's
a little over the top but Jason Ortega is here yeah Jason Ortega that's too specific
that has to be a high school something like that sounds like a famous person right yeah
but she actually said well she explained afterward because we like to go back over it when we're
done like like well I you know I grabbed the towel and then we kind of like well back in
Albuquerque I took a left because I thought no you did but it's she was she was the first
name off the top of her head she was afraid was gonna like upset me because it was somebody
we were been talking about earlier and that she that so she had to like really like hang
a hard left off of a more naturally improvised name because it was you no I'm kidding but
anyways all right so like like like look no no Harmontown show abroad would be complete
without and then I just fart leave the owner of the Sydney Opera House comes out and thanks
you for coming Kevin Sydney wait that why was that joke that guy's favorite part of
the show Kevin really you really got that guy's number now I guess I guess I'm kind
of going and like yeah that is kind of funny the way you think about it because it's like
wait it's called the Sydney Opera House it's in Sydney like and you yeah you're you're
yeah okay that's kind of funny thank you sir I agree but but we should let's let's let's
get to know some of our friends in a segment we do in Australia called ask an Australian
I was told if I go offstage that the cameras won't be able to see me so who cares like
you guys could see me like we'll just be out here for a second we'll start in the front
because these guys must have done something special like look at this guy I mean come
on are you willing to come up on stage if we promise we're not gonna we're not gonna
talk about your really red hair because I cannot make that right Ryan Ryan everybody
all right Ryan I just learned from our friend Ali in the front row here he also has brilliantly
red hair that's what's the what's the word yeah wrangler wrangler is that like a ginger
is that your word for ginger it comes from like a orangutan we cut that a lot in Australia
are there are a lot is there a heavy redhead population in Australia yes with you we get
around I guess there's more there's more in Scotland than Ireland is that true anybody
know that yes are you Scottish Scottish heritage actually I don't think so you adopted and I
maybe no none of my brothers none of my cousins none of my aunts neither of my parents none
of my grandparents have red hair really I just kind of appeared but like it's like I like
what's going on you're very like it's very very like like illustratively wave it's very
nice it's very good thank you I do my best yes I love it so Ryan do you are you local
well wait we have to verify his authenticity that's what it might we have to put you through
a legal procedure here I write I like I write little phrases for the Australian guests to
read to verify their Australian miss because if I said this I wouldn't sound Australian
are you read that it's at the top in boldface right there's more spider's here than people
and the ones you can't see are the ones that kill you yeah you sound pretty Australian
thank you all right that's the only one I had left by the way we're gonna write more
make them up if we I'll have to whisper it to the next person okay I'll I'll be like
truth that crux of splasher the crux of splasher that's what you guys say if you take a shit
truth that crux of splasher someone should someone should tame that thing are you from
here I'm originally from Lithgow in the Blue Mountains let's go popular people apparently
know Lithgow I'm living in Wollongong at the moment which is south a little bit Wollongong
Wollongong yeah that's I'm going to university there I love it but I spent a fair bit of
time in Sydney my brother lives here so yeah what do you do relevant up until recently
I was a science interpreter so teaching science to kids working at a planetarium now I'm currently
not doing that I pulled out of that because I'm doing my masters in teaching oh good
news right what do you want to teach I have a degree in history and one in English lit
so either either or yeah okay so as a history teacher I got the brains on Ryan yeah can
you verify for me that we are in the States we are fucked that we're like historically
like fucking 1932 fucks I don't want to be an alarmist but yeah I mean we have to at
this point like everybody that everybody the internet's always like oh you know compared
to Hitler it's like I don't care man I don't care about a party foul if somebody's so much
like Hitler that that I really I would really love to be wrong I'm fine with that but I if
I'm right I think it's important to be right earlier than later I think that maybe people
should have compared Hitler to Hitler sooner yeah I know exactly what you mean and I think
most Australians will agree with me when I say it was kind of hilarious for a little while
while what's happening like Hitler yeah because he literally looked like Charlie Chaplin okay
people are like you're hilarious but come on you can't talk like that you're going to jail
and he's like I'm gonna write a dumb book and I was like this dumb book is great said the morons
and then it's like everything was like perfect parallel yeah and then it's the first thing he
did when he got elected not by a majority but by the German electoral college yeah when he
swept Michigan yeah yeah there's this there's this patch of field next to right on the armpit of the
of the of the of the Rhine where everyone has 300 votes anyways the Harmon save it for your therapist
what what what so where are you guys at because there's so many strange like
flippy floppies that happen I mean like in the human sense you can just tell a hip progressive
liberal person from from a from a kind of more starchy conservative person no matter where you
go but everybody has different words for the stuff and also it's not just semantics because
you depending on where you're at you're the progressives could be secessionists or progressives
could be like gun nuts like like that's happening in the States right now is like I feel like I
want to buy a gun and dig a hole and like wait for Trump to try to pry my gun out of my cold
dead fingers which doesn't mean I'm like a constitution nut now what did somebody's yelling
something out what's was it worth it yeah our conservative yeah yeah it's called the liberal
I know that's the first thing I found out is it's a careful because you check yeah our liberals are
Nazis they were like uh I was like what it's crazy but then you go like well what does republican
mean like all these guys love republics so much it's never really made any sense it's just anybody
knows what I wanted to ask you is like like can you like and if you don't want to take the slings
and arrows but if it's like a hot button and you're like I don't I came up here to talk about my
beautiful hair like I don't know but you're a history teacher that sounds like you have the
respect of the crowd like where where are you where are you where is where is Australia at right
now as this world is shifting into what I would call a factors leading to chapter in the history
book uh nationalist revolution it's kind of hard to say to be honest we're caught between
yeah we're fucked we're fucked you're fucked too yeah I think we're we're all kind of a little
bit fucked um that that goes just the subtitles of what's going on over here
the our current prime ministers like the most smug rich guy you can possibly imagine
he's he's maybe better than the last guy maybe there's a turn turnball right yeah turnball is
our current p.m. and then tony abbot tiny abbot tony is this like is it more like crocodile
dundee than I thought like a prime minister is donk uh and then tiny abbots are uh or president
no okay uh tony tony abbot he he was like a monumental piece of shit but
he he didn't really have the wherewithal to hide it so everyone knew he was a piece of
shit whereas uh turnball kind of hides it a bit better so I feel like he's winning some people
over just because he's a bit more swarmy and stuff so uh yeah he's probably a lot worse but he
comes across as slightly more palatable yeah which is worrying that's why I felt so fucked in the
states is because it's not it's not donald trump like we have that it's it's it's it's actually
it's either centuries or millennia payback of fixation on the hero worship the principle the
idea that there's people that can make a difference it's as opposed to each individual has to like
really create their own world and like like like work practically toward a world that functions for
all of us we all have this tendency to we just it just takes a big load off our shoulders when
we pick this favorite person to speak for us or that that person's going to bring about stuff so
we can kind of do what we do best which is not much at all and that's just that's just us being good
orangutans you know like like that's just whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa sorry uh
uh
did I hear that wrong or do or do Australians just yell out baking soda when they get excited
baking soda
yeah your plastic submarine's going up and in baking soda
yeah
baking soda remove the odor from your fridgey
baking soda no what did he say i have no idea what did you say
yeah i can say it's my word yeah you can say it's my word oh he can say okay right
so yeah yeah it was funny i that happens to me a lot too it's like well it's not funny now
it was funny when i yelled it out and i didn't mumble it so i don't deserve this
i nailed it the first time they all laughed you got gum in your dumb yanky ears very good sir
good job on that joke dots connected culturally uh all right so anyway so it's all right so what
what what are you going to tell kids to do as you're teaching them history and you're you're
also thinking in your head i have no future to teach you because like it's it's grow gills or
drown like do you just hide that from them i don't know i'm i'm a little bit optimistic honestly
the more i work with kids the more i have faith in the future oh so like like like like
it's it's honestly true it's like when you meet a baby boomer that's when the red flags
start popping up in my head yeah or a millennial so maybe having a soul skips a generation yeah
that's when i keep thinking because i'm from a thing called generation x i don't know if they
have that's maybe just an american thing but it's like we're out number 10 to 1 on both sides
our parents are these huge douchebags that like they had their own trivial pursuit edition and
like they invented the beetles and the moon and all this shit like well it's like everyone
makes movies for them and they're just like jack off to references to their lifetime like what
that's what chuck willery uh oh i just can't suck willery uh but but and then and then and then
my generation was like i hate my parents that's enough for me and then but then we had kids and
these the the people they're like they're like little baby boomers i always said that like they
love they love their parents and they love the president and teamwork and and i just like it
just like it started with like we're we're shiny star people we could use an ipad better and and
it was like you're adorable but there's something fucking orwellian about your like like and and
and then they just like they just didn't hit their teenage years and it was like i know we're one
orwellian dictator from these kids in a jumpsuit like they're gonna flip like a fucking othello piece
like and and and and but but anyway why am i why did i bring you up here to just talk at you i've
already said all this stuff what do you tell us the solution tell us how to fix the world
so i'm gonna get a drink you want to drink i would love a drink all right well when i come back
you better have a please solution to everything is murder getting a drink probably yeah yeah maybe
maybe it's murder nah yeah no it's i know it's murder you just you can't you can't do it that's
the problem i'm i'm touching your eyes i hope that's okay yeah but that's my friend of a friend
of mine is dating some guy uh down in like like like like in central america and like they they're
super hippy ecologist types they live in like mud huts and whatnot and and it's all about saving
the planet which sounds amazing but then the more you find out about this guy is that he's a complete
psychopath and he's like he's kind of like a low-level wannabe cult guy where like women have
like that have to hang out with him like you can't talk to your parents and you can't talk to anybody
that lives in a city because that's all evil and you have to just live with me and connect to
nature and he starts like running these people's lives and one of his solutions like that he really
thinks that the way to save the planet is just to start killing people yeah man
yeah that's what i'm saying start with that guy though fuck him
right it's the world's shortest oh henry novel
lead by example motherfucker it's a two-minute twilight zone episode
time enough for genocide at last wait me
uh i i i do have that like wasn't it one of the one of the two guys was it watson or crick
who uh they did the guys that discovered the shape of dna one of them one of them's like a cosmic
dna guy that said that said like oh dna couldn't have evolved on earth there's not enough time
mathematically and i don't know if it's the same guy but there's another of the two in an uncomfortable
cringey way uh has gone on record as saying that stupidity is a disease and we should cure it with
eugenics you know like oh some people are just dumb they're just born dumb and like that's like any
other disability and why don't we cull that from the population if we're interested in that it's
like oh okay uh boy in the australian and the yiddish uh like like neither of us want to go there
but but but like like but then you what then in my country where or my prison colony where
where where this this this recent thing happened it was like i just started feeling even before
the election actually kind of went the way it did i i i started having this like weird like
i was just like fuck stupid people i just don't i don't like it's not like i i graduated college
so by stupid i must mean something else and i know definitely fuck stupid people but but
should we just should we just go to war no but i mean i don't know the thing is democracy makes
us hate stupid people because their stupidity counts as much as ours or more because you
know we live in california and our vote counts less than someone who lives in wyoming and we're
better than wyoming and wyoming's full of idiots you hear that wyoming yeah go fuck yourself
i used to tell people wyoming didn't exist and no one challenged me
that's a true story my whole middle school was just lying to people
because you know as you could tell i'm an authoritative source that sounds like i know what
i'm talking about so it just it all tracks you know what all right as a teacher i'm glad that
you're a good person Spencer because you can be really terrifying no i know i'd probably be more
effective if i just embraced the evil but you know that's what i think sometimes i think like let's
just be super villains like let's create a bomb that kills all the dumb people right yeah or just
take everybody to the moon i guess like i've been harping about we could just do that or just you
know fix education system in america that would help that's that sounds hard it is hard i got it all
figured out um what do you think i should do as a now i'm talking to the history that to the to the
leader of children the consumer of my hit podcast uh and just a general like nice seeming guy like
what do you think i should do in the face of all this i'll give you the spectrum in my head is
ranges from i'm supposed to uh use my pulpit to make people uh think correctly or do accomplish
something and then the on the other side i'm supposed to stop thinking about this and and
give people something to laugh about with my rubber ducky uh squeaking forget okay i i think you
should write kung fu panda four like what is the what am i what's the path like my therapist can't
help me because she used to tell me oh i would come in all upset about trump i would go you know
there's a weight nationalist movement happening and she would go it's secondhand smoke it's the
internet you're exposing yourself and then trump wanted she was like oops uh but but anyways like
yeah so i can't really i don't really know what i'm supposed to do like what who am i i don't know
who i am tell me you beautiful crimson viking honestly if you're if your therapist can't help you
i probably can't help too much but but also a little risk high yield because i mean you'll never
see me again this is like a you're up yeah okay one night stand tomorrow because i will be here
for your other show okay so if uh if you don't improve by tomorrow you can give it to me then
uh um that is exactly what i meant someone's gonna get a jason nortigan name tag
all right what do you think now i'm turned on again uh i don't know shave your head move out
into the wilderness start yourself a little commune joe yeah that's joe rogan you're right
you just gotta i honestly i i read uh the blog post you put on tumblr just after the election yeah
just me me that that's that's what the uh nazis call virtue signaling that's what that's what they
tell me i'm doing white knighting mansplaining uh beta beta pussying like i'm just trying i just
my instinct was just to like i hope the women feel better and i hope they think i'm a good person
i don't know i think i think that's the stuff i like is the way you write has a lot of conviction
to it every now and then you'll write something that is a little bit more open and susceptible
to change so with that when i was reading that it felt like you were more open to changing
your perspectives on things that's what i like to see and it's yeah easy it's yeah but then i
should commit to that like i'm an epiphany addict i just apologize i should i should just open like
an apology warehouse and just like like gives people like handcrafted apologies like i don't
think you should force it i think you should just maybe embrace it when it happens because otherwise
if you're just constantly forcing that kind of catharsis it's nothing i guess i think the simple
answer for me the obvious answer is write a movie like like like use like like write a community
movie which i think but like like Dan a long time ago uh when we were both broke we've talked about
this in the show before like we would like pay each other's rent back and forth depending on who
was up or down in the chips at the time and uh there's a script that dan wanted to write based
on a certain mythological like greek myth character and so like that i i always really wanted to do
like what wanted to see dan write that and and uh you've got 19 000 tv shows going now so you're
not and you got a book and all this stuff so but like i think use the the knife that's in your
or you know in your knife holder i see i ain't no writer but like like use use use the tools
that you're good at like like write stuff like write things about like because you know the
joke in the documentary is that you you're a writer that writes about heroes and heroes by nature
have to change that's the point of a heroic journey that you start one way and you end
something bigger um and that you're an epiphany junkie and you don't change it like that's you
know you've talked about that before so maybe you don't have to change but you have to keep writing
stories with heroes that do because that's the you know that's that's the point of art is that it
makes sense of suffering and makes you know like it gives us a language of change i'm done that's
what i meant but first a quick game of audience sound effects i think we should play that's why
i brought it up because i was like that'd be a funny callback he explained it and then all right
well uh i already forgot your name ryan ryan one more thing have you ever heard of the porn phrase
cf nm yeah it's clothed female nude male yeah i just discovered it and it's very exciting to me
it's great it's a naked dude but the woman's dress personally i don't care if the guy's naked or not
but i like the clothed female part it's like but you can't just type in cf and just oh well i guess
that's non-nude but but yeah it's it's exciting i'm very attracted to clothed women i understand
there's a lot of clothed women in the audience right now
almost don't remind me almost two thirds
yeah okay yeah i was just wondering oh and also have you uh where is this going
i'm just asking him some stuff he's on the audience is responding to him yeah he's popping
i i i think i speak for the audience and i think we're all kind of falling on levels ryan
yeah we love him we love him he's a good sydney cider did you have you downloaded mario uh run
it's like 15 bucks or something isn't it well there's a paywall i feel like the first four
levels three levels and then you have to pay i think it's like 10 bucks what i knew there was
paywalls but that's fucking crazy yeah god dang so that can't be funny anymore i should leave
i'll go it'll be fine that's so fucking stupid god damn it it's i want to flip this table
i would i would i'd have to put it back that's the problem i like the fact that you were quiet
during the trump and the hitler stuff but mario really i'm trying speaking of trump i this is
probably just false hope to cling to but i heard someone talking you know now that the fbi has
agreed that russia is definitely hacked the election um the thing is like trump could be
tried for treason because he knew and possibly aided and abetted in the help helping a hostile
foreign power wage war on our country which is literally the definition of treason so i think
that there's actually a treason case that could be made against him yeah then then yeah then then
it's just sit back and let common sense take its course it's not gonna happen i mean i mean i
mean it has to happen it needs to happen but like like no it's not like the horse has left a stable
well i mean like like people keep predicting they'll go like oh well he's gonna he's the medicare
like like the people who are gonna the people that got him elected they're gonna lose their
fucking obama care it's it's it's poor white old people with like ptsd from wars and stuff that
we're getting insurance under obama that didn't understand what that meant and we're like fuck
obama care because it was like dog whistle for like black guy care like like they were like
there's a black guy in the white house but that means what smart white people would rather hang
out with smart black people than me um they they've they've got fucking mad and they overthrew
the like anyways i'm saying those people are gonna get their fucking health benefits taken away
but they're not gonna then go wait a minute i think this guy was with inhuman hair who is like
he wears fucking ball caps you can't be president you wear a goddamn trucker hat who is you know
that was a big trick that was that was a political strategy because he knows how fucking insane his
hair is and that took it completely out of the picture i can't be shot you can't have all these
pictures i think he wore it like when he got off of like a helicopter yeah exactly where there's
wind yeah exactly and it took it out of the equation he's like this is my life now i think
i think it was smarter than that even it was smarter that the fucking word can't be used i
i i think it was more strategic than that because like that that guy like like he's been wearing
that hair for a long time and like like like it's been fine like banding it about but i that baseball
cap was a real signifier to this whole rust belt like it was like like there's a baseball cap i'm
gonna wear it indoors and it's gonna have like generic felt letters ironed on to it there's
nothing fancy about it because every every every trump supporter i've talked to it's like it always
comes down to like this anti-intellectual kind of revolution like it comes down to this like you've
smart frasiers think that you're so smart but i guess you weren't smart enough to win and and
like i i grew up in milwaukee like i just like i like like i'm like hey man i'm i'm i'm down for
an anti-intellectual revolution i want to be i want to be dirty and ludite and fucking isolationist
maybe kind of but why is our leader a east coast trust fund pussy like what anyways you guys don't
need to hear this you have your own problems what am i doing why would i come here and dump this on
you you you already probably have to read about it in the like the australian gazette you're like
there's why is the why are we reading about this guy he's a million miles away if he the day he
decided to come here it'd be 15 hours from from here you guys could like by the time he got here
you could just punch him i just love that for five days i have not heard i haven't watched any u.s
news sources i i read a couple ozzie papers read a very uplifting story about a dog who saved a
baby from a snake i saw a story the fucking snake bit the dog and then they took the dog in and six
thousand dollars for the for the dog they paid six thousand dollars to get that dog alive because
he's a baby-saving dog yeah well the yeah that's that's us that's that's the whole point of the
of uh you know breeding like uh you want to definitely want that dog to have more dogs
like that's that's what that's what got us to them bringing us newspapers is like that it's like
that thing saved a baby so this one didn't save a baby but you're talking about you're talking about
dog you're talking about dog eugenics now yeah we don't want to practice that on each other we
don't yeah because you can't you steven hawking never brought anybody a newspaper like like well
he brought us a new way of thinking about black holes he did it just took a lot longer
as the comic verna Chapman said steven hawking sure he can talk to talk oh boy
that's not it's the best it's the best opener of all time that's that's brisman humor
i'm just kidding i know there's people that were at the brisman show that came here
uh like carl no um wait i was i was about to talk about something i can't remember what are you
having a good time do you like to drink i'm having the best time okay good all right good uh you're
important to me you it's true no you're you're a lifeline you've been a godsend you're wonderful
like you're you're a tall live alabaster skinned um prometheus you've really you really knitted
this show together i really for the listeners that can't see and i i don't want to be reductive in
any way here i'm only i only mean this complimentary you know the i don't know if you get these down
here the uh the christmas time rinkin and bass animated like like like rudolf and everyone christ
when santa claus was young when young chris kingel when he was young he was young and thin and had
red eyes he's a fucking image of him is anyone know what i'm talking about yeah yeah yeah it's
yeah he really looks like young young santa all right but we should we should you're like a hot young
santa thank you i hear that a lot really yes but we should let him we should let him relax and
earn his uh earn his uh kettle on the rocks uh uh i already forgot your name can't thank you
ryan ryan ryan okay i'm bad with names ryan thank you so much for coming out everybody ryan ryan
is a quintessential australian is a quintessential modern australian yeah that's the australian
that will save the united states like when we are being we've been taken over by the soviets yeah
yeah the the mad max won't be a tough guy in a car it'll be a teacher yeah yeah dropping in on some
homemade weather balloon that he made out of rabbit pelts and pickle skin pickle skin pickle
skin yeah just i don't know i just i tried to improvise something savage sounding
because it's the most wild thing i've encountered in 30 years is pickle skin
and the wikipedia entry for sydney there's a lot of spiders here all right hot canada
all right so it's uh expensive here but it's uh nonetheless rated one of the 10 most livable
cities is there i don't know what livable means i don't know what that means this is not funny this
is just true i had one of the best dinners of my life i'm vegetarian went to bowdie that place
was fucking good okay oh man me too i uh i left rock pool because i was disgusted with the place
and then i went home and i went back to the hotel and i put on good burger and i ate a whole box of
cheez-its yeah do you guys have cheez-its here oh they're great you get you get you some all right
let's meet another let's meet another australian that that that it's i want to tell you in advance
whoever you are it's okay for you to disappoint us you can't follow that just just commit to being
yourself people they that's the sound of people already forgiving you in advance for being a huge
letdown uh should we base it on something i would usually just go go out there i guess but
but that's how that's how i got uh what's his name ryan he's he's the worst person he really is bad
i just don't have okay so the thing is do you know how like a baby's brain it runs on glucose so
in your this is my theory now i'm not a doctor i was not familiar with that but i think that when
you're learning to do things like walk and run and throw a ball and recognize faces and things
i think that your your brain is going like oh this part of the brain is really important this part is
not so much important i think recognizing names and faces and things just just my brain just never
i just think i'm like i just have like a dead spot in my brain like i can't that's my excuse that's
on the line i just think if you ever think if you think i'm a bad person because he's like oh why
doesn't he remember me why doesn't he remember my name or my face it's right before you think what
that guy's an asshole then i that's when i swoop in with it i was bullied i think what you're saying
is that when god was handing out baby glucose you were at the back of the line yeah i was like like
what did what did it profit me oh oh oh the guy on the left that's giving me a swirly in the toilet
that's naphin oh great i'll be sure to ask him about soccer next time did you ever actually get a
swirly uh i think i think my brother probably like read about swirly's and like tried to give me one
maybe you guys know what a swirly is right yeah it's when you put someone's head in the toilet
and then flush it right it's also called drowning somebody you call it waterboarding these days
yeah yeah i mean news flash like physically forcing anyone into any position physically
it's like are you leaving what's going on yeah i'm going i'm coming up into the stands turning
to peter finch from network he's just gonna fall down dead this room is really big uh all right
well who uh this is like welcome to lazy donahue uh hmm well i don't want to do well i don't i'm
not going to scan the room visually because then whoever i pick would be like what do i look fun to
you i look like entertainment to you i mean human being god damn it why are you raising your hand
down there sir i think that's what they call good old fashioned sydney pragmatism they're
they're a pragmatic people here it's a port town dan walked up all the way to the back and there was
a guy right down the front well that's hard to ignore all right going up all right
if you're keeping track there's no women in city what's your name sir what's your name
kenny everybody welcome kenny
what's up kenny there's spencer grab one of these microphones here
kenny you're looking very biz cash i like that thank you is this on yeah i could all right
kenny you're up against a lot you know like like like it was bad enough you're following ryan but
you did it voluntarily like you're like i'm the guy but like you can hear they're like there's like
a kind of a break in the energy and they're all discussing you they're going like i look to that
time i think he might be a nip switchy i'm looking forward to the reddit threads yeah yeah i've seen
the ones about brisbane don't go don't go to reddit i know go to reddit to read about anything
other than yourself is my advice yeah well normally i'm not on reddit so it's fine you are now yeah
that's true you're gonna be yeah i will regret it all right so what's your name's kenny we already
know that all right what what gives um how are you going okay so i don't know i guess the reason
i wanted to come up how many worries do you have seven um you're supposed to have no worries oh well
i have like crippling social anxiety so it's like really yeah yeah it's like you thought oh go on stage
yeah that's exactly that's actually yeah that's why i went skydiving because heights are terrifying
yeah yeah exactly well that's like where they are the heights i got married
it's the good place to go you just blew my fucking mind
all right so well but that's literally it do you want me to just dig in or i'll mean yeah if you
want but like i think one of the other reasons is i uh i went to la earlier this year and i saw one
of your shows and um i was hoping to do that who came from the furthest and then i would be like
australia and then it didn't happen but that's fine i'm here now oh more to the point you're here now
so yeah yeah and i came the farthest now yeah exactly that's that's why that's why we have you
up on stage yeah but it would have been weird for everybody in the audience together who came the
farthest when i came out because i'd be like me me me me well i probably didn't come the farthest
tonight so that's fine all right now you say you have crippling social anxiety sure how does that like
let's just let's just let's just presume you do
let's just make that the premise uh like what is that like how does that manifest in your daily
life or um well i mean i've gotten better with it since like working in retail um because you
learn to pretend that the people aren't actually people it's sort of like you know westworld
they're all just hosts and they're on their loop they're just like they want something and then
you have to have some exchange with them and stuff and it's yeah it's like i'm pretending
i basically associate but if it's westworld aren't you the host actually that's pretty apt i'm in
my cycle yeah working retail yeah yeah would you like a drink um it's probably entertaining to see
me heave every time i take a sip so sure yeah i don't do well with spirits but sure let's go ahead
no that's not for you no no it's fine it's fine i'll i'll be ready we'll we'll get you a nice
shoot of armor then i'll be great yeah i mean i got through here yeah it's fine you don't have to
drink that no no no don't don't give me i like drinking it's just that it's the only thing here
so that's fine yeah no it's not uh okay not okay he's just saying what you're a beer guy yeah
there's no beer apparently yeah exactly that's fine dude you just you made jeff leave
he you offended him oh wait oh okay yeah i didn't see what happened it's beer country i wouldn't
i wouldn't presume that anybody i've i've i've had to i've had to walk many many bartenders
through making me a negroni uh on this trip i don't know what that is yeah exactly it's a drink it's
it's a it's a equal parts sweet vermouth gin and compari so no it's a yummy daytime beverage it's
there you go all right you've got you've got a coke a beer and a you got the beer
all right thank you jeff
all right there we go you don't have to it's not it's not a competition
no it's australian all right kenny uh it's not a competition it's australian
okay so we'll okay we'll we'll tell us more uh what would you like to know social anxiety
ah you don't you don't have the handshake of a socially anxious person
when dan was walking through the crowd looking for somebody you was like i said you want to come
on stage is there something that you feel like you could like gain from this experience or
it's just being up here and and like letting this weird feeling happen be it's its own reward
i think uh i realized earlier this year this is actually after i went to see a show and everything
i was like listening to um grandma's virginity podcast and listening to like justin and ryan
talking about writing and then it suddenly dawned on me that i want to be a fucking writer so like
one uh like physics degree later and working in retail and everything i've finally realized what
i want to do and uh it's it's sort of like uh and i realized like having i can't count how many
times i've marathoned community and everything so i realized that um after all this time you're
probably the closest thing i have to like an idol sort of thing like not it no don't don't
fucking do that no it's not this is not a hero worship thing this is just like a i i really
do you feel bad for you they're like oh like oh you really gotta i'm used to that expand your
horizon yeah look at his idol i hear um was it ockerman i should go for him yeah i go between
me and ockerman uh i'd go i'd go ockerman these days i mean what sort of physics uh like was
there any specialty in that i mean it was only a bachelor's before i realized i didn't fucking
want to do it so um let's experiment with i mean you know when you when you get a physics degree
you end up doing like the whole gamut you doing like quantum astro all that shit so yeah it's fun
see now i i i'm into physics i just have i have i have a terrible brain from math like i'm really
not a numbers guy but i love same i love shows about physics and about quantum theory and all
that jazz but when they start talking about anything like like slightly complicated like it's just so
theoretical and abstract don't let for the listeners dan is writing a live screenplay about
keep keep talking to him keep talking to him you and i are going to talk right now um all the
watching the documentaries and stuff from first time experience kenny what's your what's your last
name mcdonald mcdonald okay with an a or did mc mc yeah oh nice first go i mean there's only two
options so it's not that impressive but
i mean
dan do i read any of this for the podcast or no yeah i don't know i don't know
this is just gonna this is gonna make people have to subscribe yeah um we're not even shooting
are we shooting maybe we can edit it out of the audio part i don't know okay well let's keep talking
so like oh well what i was going to say before is like with the watching documentaries and stuff
and liking physics documentaries don't let that trick you into getting a degree in physics
because you won't enjoy it right first hand experience
i got uh i got very very lucky i met uh you know professor brian cox you know the very charming
english uh is this from uh sarin your long lost cousin or something yeah yeah wonders of the universe
so i don't you look similar yeah he's like he invited me to come out and go look at the
large hadron collider which would be fun but i don't know what it is i i i don't know how magnetism works
dan for the listeners dan is writing a very culturally sensitive not hack script right
right that's me candy mcdonald
so i guess i kind of screwed this i'm like i guess you don't start that view like the person's
born then you can't is that implied that i wasn't a baby but i am now this is like benjamin
no god no i would never i wouldn't do that what else what else could have possibly be implying
no i that i'm a bad writer i did a bad i i already painted myself into a corner i structurally i
the this type of voiceover doesn't work if the person's being born no it works it works
no no it's a it's what you're wondering how i got here yeah nine months earlier no one's
wondering how you got there how you got there was the sperm yeah cut to cut to some old mcdonald's
testicle yeah i like i like to think that i was like like you know what's the word like jesus um
yeah jesus immaculate immaculate immaculate conception my parents never had sex that's fine
no but why can't why can't you say like like uh like that it's him being born and then you're
like it's 30 year old yeah i'm not sure what they say in this case but i wouldn't always be a baby
people know that though all right so kenny so you you you got your degree in physics yeah
which sounds arduous it sounds difficult uh yeah and then you said i don't want to be in physics
like yeah would you in your dream if you want to be like a theoretical particle physicist no uh like
i think um i don't know i think part of like my like getting a science degree is kind of to
shut people up when when i'm doing something else that i want to do um some people can say what are
you doing with your life i'm like i have a degree but that seems like a waste of 40 grand so i don't
know um all of my friends that have made it uh we have one thing in common none of uh any of us
and them because i'm including like way more successful friends of mine uh none of them
has a degree that's because they're smarter than me and that's why they're successful but like i
went to i went to the university of southern california and i
no it will tend to oh yeah yeah unless acted upon by an outside force yeah okay thanks
but yeah okay are we gonna get some new toning and punch lines going on
oh professional now
like i went to school i started as a business major i suck at i suck at math
and then i went to journalism because there was no math requirement but then by the end i
don't want the degree i just sneaked into classes that i wasn't allowed to be in and just like if
i'm gonna go to school for free because i was poor and had like you know financial aid and you know
they charge you to take the tests not the and get the paper at the end i i would just sneak
into cool like history classes and things that were like they try to take advantage of like that
the degree would be pretty meaningless but so now like you want to you want to be a film writer tv
writer novelist um tv tv tv yeah because like yeah i realized that throughout my life the thing
that's probably been said to me the most is like get off the fucking tv or like stop watching tv
or some shit like that so it's like what do i love i love do you think that when the movie that dan
is writing is made that adam scott's gonna play you sorry sorry yeah a little bit like adam
scott no no no maybe just the angle uh so just nope i don't know who that is
should we should we should we perform this later on
i i yeah we can perform it i think we should we put this on as a little one act play later
uh all right so now what's have you tried writing are you are you working on stuff yeah like i like
i'm like on the plotting stage of many things and then i finished an actual like um it was
attempted to be a like a pilot episode but it turned out more like a short film um comedy
something but um yeah no i'm i'm writing when i have time and i don't know like i know a lot of
actors that are from here and work in acting here but is there a big like tv writing thing like i'm
like all of our tv is kind of shit especially the comedy i don't know like i oh man i was listen
i was watching australian i was watching australian food network okay i'll let you talk sorry sorry
it's fine sorry what was i was watching australian food network holy shit everyone just wanted to
talk on in front of the camera there was like four cooks and they're like now i'm making marzipan well
i'm cooking up grapes yeah it's just like everyone's talking over each other and i'm like i don't know
how much butter you're using i don't think they know why though but yeah no that stuff's great
but oh i love food network yeah yeah you know oh yeah it's the network for the food now now you go
what were you gonna say before i so rudely cut you off i'm not paying attention to myself 90
percent of the time so yeah yeah how was your social anxiety doing right now is the heart
beating fast are you are you are you settling in i i dealt pretty well with the boo so i think i'm
doing all right so fuck you kidding oh no no that i've had a lot that's fine that's his father
yeah i've written myself into a corner here i got the professor just uh i haven't been reading
that where we at like the keep can you put me up to date the physics professor made a fireball
by lighting his pipe or something cleaning his pipe yeah he just is cleaning his pipe when his pipe
burst into flame and then Kenny's climbing to his feet and then he'll say uh professor take me away
from here this is a magical reality kind of thing with pleasure uh oh enter jason ortega
oh i know how to get out of this i know how to do this i've seen this double another
Kenny starts to reach for the hand then recoils uh the oops shit sorry the professor's hand is a
robot hand cut to Kenny's bedroom real world Kenny bolts up
screaming uh the audience is crying
uh cop out sits up next to him do a little undercut
baking soda
jesus christ
this is getting kind of slashy
Dan right now who who are you casting as a what actor is the professor in your mind right now
uh mark rooflow
yeah he's at professor age now isn't he's got gray hair and everything
i need to put him pouting in one of the action lines
i should put what in the actualized way you need to put him pouting i put what
with little pout a little a little pout the pout you love the pout oh the rooflow pout yeah
sure okay yeah we call him ruffalo yeah it's uh it's a big difference culturally but it's fine
did you guys see mark do you follow him on instagram he had a he was so excited about
something that happened with the thing that i should know about because i'm a good person
with the the gas line thing or whatever he was like yes thank you thank you so much thank you
thank you the army corps of engineers thank you everybody thank you so much thank you
i just wanted to kiss him the whole time it was he was so happy i was just like what do
what do you have to do to make mark rooflow happy like like like because i want to do it all the
time just sort of just want to just want to bring him breakfast and see him get happy and
all right so you're a comedy guy you can write comedies or dramas what do you got i'll try yeah
uh comedy yeah yeah yeah yeah this is going to be audio is really going to be jarring when people
listen to this yeah dull comment yeah yeah it's enormous laughter yeah i almost think we'll just
have to edit out almost your whole yeah that's that's fine i don't know what to do otherwise
this was an experiment i thought like oh except jeff talked to somebody and then i'll write a script
about them but it's like yeah it's a visual thank you for probably we're having just a regular
conversation and a giant laster happening because you're making you're making mark ruffalo
fuck adam scott but we're behind our shoulders let's do this like well we're at this doesn't that's
as good an ending as any fain fain out got it okay but
is there is there anything you're an aspiring writer kenny like is there anything you can think of
not to put you on the spot is there anything i could like show you or help you know like something
that or like i don't know some piece not how do i get a job anything other than like like creatively
what can i impart to you what do you always wonder about dan where do you get it how does it happen
how do you keep your hair so soft and manageable um i i don't know if you want a real answer i guess
like you know coming up with a concept for a comedy tv show to be running over like multiple
seasons it always feels so like like coming up with a concept that doesn't feel so trite and
hacky like you know like like like community is something so like open to the idea of like
people coming together and having like real human experiences masked by all this like
farcical shit going on in front well that's the only thing you get you yeah there's no such thing
as a good idea or a bad idea it doesn't matter like like like the point of tv is not to be original
the point of tv is to is to placate is to is to give people comfort you know it's like tater tots
you don't want to like reinvent the tater tot do you guys have tater tots i we call them potato
gems but that's fine okay i suddenly accidentally saying something horribly racist but i say yes
we have tater tots my mother's one they're called argentinians uh but but but you know it's like
community is like it's a it's a hack idea i remember people make fun of it because the all
people knew was the logline of the idea i remember all the press was like oh there's a new mbc show
chal mckayle plays a guy that goes back to college because he lost his thing and everybody was like
what did seinfeld write this in his show like it's like bad idea it's like yeah it's dumb like like
it's silly but so is uh people in a spaceship going out to boldly go where no one's gone before
that's a terrible idea so what what what do you mean you're going to boldly go what are you talking
about just going what are you gonna what are you how do you know when you're finished but the idea
the the idea is to get people well for at least for i mean this isn't the only job tv has but the
idea is to get people in yeah it's nine eleven good job bless you sir the town crier it's nine
eleven and oh well it's nine eleven and i like that hat mate i dislike them tell us coming damn white
he said dislike he dislikes it i just like oh no not just like no no no who would like the only
thing he likes i just like this often in eleven life was like null and void for him it was all
downhill from that but uh you know like like it's yeah no you just you know how it's you know how
when it's raining uh like people are in a weirder happens occasionally yeah yeah it's it's like
like if it starts to really come down like everybody who's anywhere they all have to get out of the
rain so then it's like oh then every once in a while like it's raining and you're stuck with a bunch
of people like that you don't know and you're like huh it's raining but it's like a person you'd never
talked to but it's like and they're like jesus christ yeah it fucking rains started coming out of
nowhere it was crazy it was dry and then it was wet and it's like this would never have happened
and it's like that person might look like a ranger they're from some different walk of life they
might be uh liberal with a big l and you're liberal with a small l meaning you're like both sides of
the political spectrum you're labor and they're they're capital l liberal or the end of like like
like or yeah and and you're different ages or you're different genders and there's at least 50 known
genders uh the the the the rain made something happen the rain is the idea that's just it the
rain could be oh it's the future and so everybody's in a starship and they have to go do stuff that's
a contrivance rain is a contrivance got you know it's like oh the god happened like you can have
one coincidence in your story is your this is for tv writing you just go like oh what's something
stupid that made a bunch of people have to be together kind of forever like like mostly forever
for a hundred episodes or so also this is really old-fashioned advice because tv now is like like
like i'm talking about like 80s style craftsmanship and like tv now is like oh just take a shitty
90 minute directive video movie break it up into 10 chapters and release them one at a time
this this tv series is called cobra man episode one man
episode two man at a cobra store
episode three all at the cobra store ain't what it seems
episode four cobra escape episode five mixed blessings
episode six almost unusual power
episode seven cobra man episode eight shark jumped
episode nine bat cleanup episode 10 clip show uh but but uh yeah i mean it's serialized now
and that's a whole different discipline i don't really understand that i figure if i
really tell a serialized story i'll write a movie no one wants me to write a movie i want
i'm gonna write a movie okay yeah it'll be great yeah you know you had a right all right you had
a right fucking cobra man i'm gonna write cobra man but in my opinion tv is supposed to be like
crack it's like each rock is an individual rock like you should be able to grab any rock in any
order and it would get you high and you'll want to smoke all the crack rocks and you'll even if
if you're then told they come in a certain order you'll go like yeah i'm a crackhead i'll
go meet you like sure if there's a number one on one of the crack rocks if it rolls under the
couch and there's only two five and seven i'm still gonna smoke the crack like like i don't owe it
to the fucking crack to consume it in a certain order and the crack ought to meet me halfway as
a crackhead it's the least the crack can do to not fuck with me and so i'm like what the hell why
is jillian anderson where did she go what is this is her dream now but i love the fall have you
seen the fall no so good see that's serial that was a great message for the kids uh that's that's
i'm glad ryan was here to hear that so he passed that along to the children oh the the look of the
crack metaphor but like like a good a good sitcom a good tv show is a in my opinion is a necklace
made of crack rocks because it's like you you provide the order you provide maybe you do put a big
honking rock right in the middle and you say like smoke from left to right as you would
but there's a string connecting all of them you can wear it you can tell your friends about it at
a party they go hey what's what's that you got around your neck it's a crack necklace
i love it i smoke i smoke this one i smoke that one oh i crack's not for me no that's that's other
people's crack let me tell you about this this is this is rick and morty crack this is great uh
so uh anyway so there's no such thing as a bad idea the the worst kind of idea that you could have
is is the thing where you start thinking like uh uh uh uh like oh this sounds like tv this will
make a good tv show that you're gonna do that by default because you love tv you want to write good
tv you're gonna always second guess yourself and be like like like you're gonna always be filtering
things through like oh and then it'd be like a tv show if i did it like this the the the way that
you make good stuff is by restraining that you have to like force your tv loving structure
craving self-loathing nothing inside my head deserves to be on television brain you have to
force it actively force it into the non-televisable realm go like what is the memory that i have that
is so fucked up it cannot be it doesn't go near it's too boring or it's too pornographic or it's
too bloody or it's too sad it's like like where it's just too like like like like personal to me it
doesn't make that much sense and try as hard as you can to not let that get filtered through that
the other part of your brain which everyone has anyway that's the unremarkable part of your brain
that like turns it into gilligan's island like like which is a great show that but the person
that created gilligan's island wasn't like i'm gonna try to make a show like gilligan's island
like that was a like weird byproduct of them i don't know who knows what they were sure sure
shorts right like his thing was like he made tv like i'm gonna make sure that people will really
have to watch like like he would do anything he didn't care about the rules at all there have
been many many attempts since gilligan's island to make shows about a group of people staring at a
desert island and they have all sucked this is the part where dan dies and it's very sad
i talked while i was drinking it went down the rug pipe as you get older there's another thing
gilly i could tell you chenny as you get older especially if you drink a fifth of vodka i'd
like your esophagus flap will start to degrade like a toilet flap you know you have to replace the
toilet flap every once in a while you go to the hardware store maybe maybe your parents did you
do this but millennial so there's like a rubber flap of the toilet that keeps it that you have a
flesh one in here but you can't replace it it just melts what you say you've you've you've eroded
your epiglottis or whatever as i after i turned 40 i was like one day i was in a movie theater and
it was like eating popcorn while going those muppets are funny uh this it's this hypothetical
scenario believe me dan hates the muppets but i inhaled uh the muppets hate the muppets man
jim henson loved the muppets and he's dead the muppets killed jim henson no i'm saying you can't
keep doing if you can't make phones after steve jobsties and make them right you can't make no
muppets are you at the heimlich what's going on over there i got droplets of vodka went down my
breathing tube which is like like absorb them you absorb them he he just drank more vodka
he's gonna wash it down this guy doesn't fucking learn well what's gonna work water hugs hugs
the heimlich the heimlich maneuver is just a one big hug well it's a series of very strong hugs
it's just anyways so then i inhaled popcorn and i you have to chew very carefully now there's
an episode of the podcast where the rest of the show is gonna be dan dan sounding like drunk
nick nolte all right all right what else what other advice can i give you um uh uh you know i mean
you're talking about yeah you you actually is it a physical thing is that you're just being
hypochondria hypochondriacal um steve levy can we give it up for steve levy everybody steve levy he's
dan's uh like you know he's what's uh he's what's batman's butler's guy the fucking alfred he's
alfred but this guy goes to the gym like every like every 45 minutes this guy's got like he's
got abs on his face this is steve levy's laptop we should reward him by going through his photos
oh my god please what are the olsen twins doing on here please find something awful no
would there be anything we would find in your photo roll that would be embarrassing well
you just scrolled past uh what do you call it a story circle so it's definitely there could
definitely be trade see oh they could definitely be like a like a like a like a like a doctor strange
treatment or something yeah he could be cobra man we find out that you're stealing that from him
we were doing a show in the states uh and uh yeah i had the laptop out and then i clicked on a thing
and there was like a file name that a huge doctor strange fan recognized as a character
from that universe went to the that's how it leaked that i did no work on doctor strange at all
otherwise i would have been credited i didn't do i didn't help them at all i went in there and was
like doctor strange is neat all right all right all right uh uh uh uh kenny give him you give him
your three your three rules your three never is or your three always is for a writer all right
you prove that you suck right done because you because you're worried about that so if you if
you sit and you try to prove that you're good what will you write you'll write nothing if you try to
prove that you'll suck what will you write you'll write everything you'll write the first thing up
to your head pooby-doo i wrote something i wrote a thousand percent more than the guy whose goal
was to write something good just that it's it's a dramatic rendition of scooby-doo it's kind of
it's sent in uh and then post-war Czechoslovakia it's about a dog who uh right from start to finish
that's going kenny yes right right from right from start to finish right in in passes so you go
fade in interior poopy-doo's house poopy-doo is making tea a wizard steals it poopy-doo
chases him don't now start at the top and go poopy-doo is making chamomile a wizard carefully
steals it poopy-doo chases him on a razor scooter these changes are not gonna help you just made
it better that's what you think but guess what happens then you cut to you got a hit exterior
streets of san francisco there's uh an elaborate chase the poopy-doo hits the wizard with a car
he picks up his stolen tea and looks at the camera poopy-doo that's a wrap tea style
and then and you fade out so i finished my draft now now i can go back and change the tea and all
this stuff if i do that after i finish the first scene then i go to the second scene and it's like
i realize oh streets of san francisco wait i should i like this sucks i should fade in on san francisco
this whole scene's gonna get cut or changed so dramatically all of my thought about what kind
of tea it should be i know how the wizard steals it is gonna all of that time is just gonna be wasted
basically so it's like you you even though it's totally counterintuitive because you're a perfectionist
you want to always when you sit down to your document your work in progress you want to stand
i always do it do as i say not as i do i've never followed this fucking advice in my goddamn life
start at the don't start at the top of the document erase the interior poopy-doo's house
and to the cut to so they just fade in and then the first thing we see is x exterior
streets of san francisco well this is my this is now we're on to how to receive notes so you're
gonna be you're gonna be collaborating you're gonna be developing can it be can it be at lana
we get so many tax breaks that we shoot in lana what wait what are you what are you what are you
saying like if you start there fade in street to san francisco this is an elaborate chase oh yeah
poopy-doo it's wizard yeah exactly that's that's a fucking good that's a cold open par excellence
yes and you might and and hey you might be one of these people you go like uh you know it's uh
cut to you know title three weeks earlier and then you fucking even get to use this scene
you just move it down to here see if I can there you go yeah fade in on a cut to fade in
straight to yeah title three weeks earlier oh shit man this fucking thing this just became uh
john wick this shit is hot now this is like on the blacklist
uh so yeah okay so prove that you suck write a shitty draft write it all the way through before
you start second guessing it because you'll make discoveries along the way and I guess the third
thing is like uh oh shit what the fuck oh I thought there was a don't do that I thought there was
like a huntsman behind me uh don't move don't move don't look up now come on I don't want to don't
it's not funny is it um the the what is the third thing uh you know that that's what you know kind
of works like it's like it's like yeah like don't like you don't separate yourself from what is
going on if you're working in advertising and somebody's saying I want you to write me the
best Pepsi commercial in the world like and you have to be going through a divorce or a custody
battle with children like and that's all you can think about is like how much it hurts to like lose
talking about something as if it's a commodity even though it's your child and you feel you hate
yourself or you're vigilant against injustice you gotta put that into your Pepsi commercial or
your bad Pepsi commercial writer and no one's gonna buy Pepsi from your commercial like you
or you should you gotta go you gotta tell Pepsi I can't write this commercial right now it's all
an autobiography it's all meta it's all personal write what you know that's what that means it
doesn't mean oh you know what people are really interested in is your life as an oceanographer
they don't give a fuck but they they they want to feel sincere writing they want you to like they
don't want they could they could if they wanted to read something by somebody who was trying to make
a tv show they could write their own shit and do it they'd be like fade in on some fucking asshole
trying to write a script like like they they're counting on you to to lower that compartment
between Kenny the physicist and Kenny the writer not for you to stop being a physicist and start
being a writer this shit is dumb like illiterates can buy final draft and write use the software
you need to be like write a shitty draft to just be like fade in and fucking what physics
fucking bug bumming me out I don't know maybe your voice will be different but but uh surprisingly
no there's something there's something when you get really honest with yourself there's something
about your life that you've where you've come from like like that that it's just your map of the
cosmos don't you're not trying to like tell other people what to think or or prove that you're
interesting or cool or that or that you or that you like them or that they should like you like
pretend your goal is some alien came down and put a laser gun to your head and said you have to
show me in the next day with a document like how you saw the world period like like or i'm gonna
blow your brains out with this alien gun it's gonna hurt extra bad it's not gonna be a painless
death surprisingly common theme in my dreams yeah uh the the yeah just you just your goal is to like
is to just is to just say i was here this is what this is what happened to me the more brutally
honest you are the more you'll get close to being like Woody Allen Lena Dunham or something like they
don't they don't moralize they they they're narcissistic and they they look at their shit this is
what i had for breakfast and then this is who i slept with and this is what i thought as i was
sleeping with them and and and and these people are geniuses when they do it right that's that's
really like one of the things i really loved about great minds like i like you're going through what
you were at the moment at the time that that was being done uh you could see all of that pouring
out and maybe like random people on youtube just stumbling across it might not but people who are
religious like harm and town listeners will know like some of the little like ticks you have and
all the little things you mentioned like that's all callbacks to things about yourself that you're
like being honest about and i think that's what people really love about your writing like yeah
you just come through it's yeah it's my it's my little bag of tricks yeah i mean it's and it can
be yours too because it'll be different when you do it like like just reaching into your own
as a friend of ours sam christin sam christin said uh is an awesome mentor uh from he said remember
my name and stop drinking as our old friend sam christ chris chris chris chris chris chris
chris should have said he he said listen i want you to do two things never forget my name
and please for the love of god will you to have a cup of coffee
black white Judas
that's that's high-roading from the low road i know
as he puts his face into the ice bucket
there's like uh we all pay a huge price tag for where we are like like life comes with a price and
then as as artists we get to cash in on that like our job is to show the world like how
like what what we went through to make us us you know like that's that that's the beauty of our
i've i've tried i've tried i tried as hard as i could to not be distracting
and it was funny because it was like it's there's no have you ever tried to put ice in a glass
well we we have to end the show in a couple minutes what really yeah yeah i'm proud of us
we we have a we have a hard out in like three minutes oh shit yeah oh man what was this spaulding
gray shit i thought it was very valuable okay good i so much so that i apparently got a little drunk
well because you poured him a vodka and i drank it because i'm i i'm a conservationist
i was just another word for alcohol i was just connecting dots for logical humor
kenny how do you think the show went you know um yeah i mean how much do the tickets cost
fuck i don't know those are non-committal answer i feel like it went pretty good yeah i mean
i i think it went great until the part where i came up and that's just my thing right so you
wanted that to happen sure yes yes i brought that upon myself and all of you so that's fine
i feel like this is like episode like five or six of cobra men we did it we had no women up here
we don't know if somebody's watching the show they don't know that women exist in sydney
but you know you got two women on tomorrow night yeah we'll get two women on tomorrow night i'll
just dress up a word dress we'll make it ladies night tomorrow night yeah uh we'll enforce dichotomy
well we'll make people understand there's a difference between you it's been a few minutes
since we said we have to end the show all right well is it me or i mean look look rapping is the
hardest work i do i don't know jim here to increase the danger of this my ipad is at three percent
so we have to fucking get this right he's going to crack it down then he had wait a minute this
isn't a mic wait spencer can i get your beat okay that that was a mic okay so i to save the day here
spencer's gonna get i'm we're pulling a beat off of spencer's uh deep bag of beats
bag of beats dance already get the kicky baby dance going
all right energizer struth true blue fair dinkum but make it real because we went to a dark
place there yeah prove what you just told kenny right now yeah yeah yeah i'll do no texture
yeah give it to him yeah australia t r r a l i a australia i'm here to tell you yeah it's an island
that's filled with filet lia but fuck all right starting over starting over all right i thought i
thought i could make up a word all right all right okay whoo walk it off walk it off
all right
what are you okay paraphernalia
australia yeah yeah genitalia okay all right everybody's better than me
yeah yeah yeah yeah down under only raps with thunder we've been over that i'm not trying to
blunder through my rap i'm done with that crap i'm gonna flow from the soul and do it like that
like this and like that over there i fucked your mama so hard i ruined her hair she had to get it
cut the next day she did a thing with layers and the bangs were okay but then she wore some rim
glasses all glasses have rims sorry
australia land down under sydney cap that but not the capital what is the capital
oh camera camera camera camera the capital of australia
sydney a land of a thousand people don't worry about the steeple give me a second give me a
second yeah there's only a thousand people in sydney it's the land of one thousand people
give me a second all right work it out yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah here's the planet and here's seven
continents and here's the little one down here that i must defend it's a big ball of people
it's such a good place why would i use the word people again all right here we go here we go here
we go here we go yeah country to country each country has the most but there's only one country
that's made entirely of coast it's the opposite of landlocked that means it's the opposite of
germany that means we don't have to worry about them invading me ever in the future they're good
people down here the doctors have sutures they stitch you up and send you on your way i fucked
your mama so hard her curds turned away little miss muppet dangerous poisonous spiders i'm done
with it i don't want to see nothing with eight legs i fucked your mama so hard she had to beg
for more she said give me some vitamin d to the a to the n you know that's what i need to the h to
the a r m o n i fucked your mama twice fucked her again thank you for coming to Harmontown everybody
if you're a woman or a mother thank you sydney opera house thank you sydney opera house
we're doing another show tomorrow night so we love you come on let's hear for kenny everybody
ryan ryan the rainer spencer crittenden
i'm your comptroller jeff davis your mayor of course is Dan Harmon
let's all go to a bar together and continue this shall we
try fast take chances we love you
did you get any of that it's a good a show
sure